PEDROSKY

MAIN DESCRIPTION

This game is a game variation of a card game somewhere in latin america that I got to learn, since I don't recall all the
rules to its full extend, I tried to just do it with what I do remember. This game is played with Spanish playing cards and 
holds 50 cards per unit. Inside you have numbers from 1-12 with 4 different symbols: Swords, Coins, Clubs and Swords. That 
makes up to 48 cards, the reamining 2 are jokers, making the whole unit of 50 cards.

The game in real life is meant to be player from 2-4 players with one set of playing cards. The goal is to call the game when 
you believe you have the lowest sum within your hand on the table. You could call the game right after the 1st round or could 
go a lot of rounds until you are fully sure, remember other players could call game before you, so you could be missing the out
the chance to win the game. 

SETUP 

Let's talk about main functionalities. Within the set of cards, they are shuffled and the person that shuffles delivers cards 
from the right side side until it reaches the other end of the table from his left. This person delivers 4 cards to each player
1 to each player until it makes a full round and give the 2nd card... so forth until receiving the 4th card. This person that
delivers is the last person to received. Each player must have 4 cards and the remaining cards should be set on the table and 
aside this deck there will be the residual deck or "the current card on table" that must be draw from the remaining deck. The 
first card on top is the one being played as the card on table. Done! you are ready to play

THE GAME 

Every player has 4 cards, this will be called their "hand". In this hand you can only see half of it (This means only 2), 
referring to half of it since this game could be played with more sets of cards and every time you add more sets you always see 
half of your deck. 

Moving on, you select 2 cards you want to see and you can only see the ONCE and CAN'T MOVE them. You can take as long as you
want looking at them until its time for you to make an action on your turn. 

The person who starts is the person who got their hand served first. In a turn what you have multiple actions, you could draw 
a card from the main deck and swap them with cards you don't know or cards that you know, or you could drop them if you don't
want to keep them in the card on table. The point is to draw cards and swap your hand to find a way to burn cards.

Burning cards allows you to dispose cards from your hand reducing the amount of cards you have on your hand, be careful with this
just because you have less cards on your hand does not mean you might have the lowest sum on the table. You can burn as much as 
you want but must have at least 1 card on your hand to call a game. 

The point of keeping the your cards in the same position you left them or swap them is to keep track or what you have changed
this way other players might figure what cards you have or which ones you dispose. Risk management is for the long game strategy

POWERS

Cards have certain powers we could separate them by the time where they are present.

When you call a game or during game 

During game you have cards 7,8,9 and Joker that are special cards

7 - Allows you to see one card of your hand
8 - Allows you to see one card of other player's hand
9 - Allows you to swap one card from your hand for another's player card without looking neither of both cards
its a "Blind Swap" unless you know what the other player has and what you have.

The joker act as card of any number but not any symbol, meaning that you could use any jokers to burn anything within your hand
but only 1 card. 

The above only applies if you draw the card, if these cards are already in your hand, the powers do not apply. In case of having 
a joker in your hand and you want to burn it, you could either swap or burn it by itself, it does not require any other card to 
burn a joke when its in your hand 

When game is called

12 of swords is a card that is 0 when you have it in your hand at the end of the game, in other words this is the best card.

Joker again, the joker is a really good card when being played but when a game is called, the joker is 20 if you have it in your 
hand at the end of the game. In other words the worst card when a game is called. 

ACTIONS 

An action is the play made in a turn, meaning that burning, swapping, using a power or dropping a card on the table is an action
drawing a card form the card set is initiating an action but is not until what the player decide to do to finish that action. 

STRATEGY (For Beginners)














DICTIONARY:
